29-03-2021 Meeting 5

Attendence (3/4)
1.Adam    Yes
2.Michael  Yes
3.Patrick  yes
4.Lewis    no


What we need to do

1 . Standards complicent - needs to install libraries to do these checks
2 . gathering and conditioning data
3 .  Dynamic interactive design and event handling techniques
4 . slider to change text size
5 . set up tabbing stuff
6 . Make sure all images have ALT + longdesc= “URL to my description”
7 . Dynamic interactive design and event handling techniques (for
example, animations, banners, image effects, date/time, form validation, calculator, and
cookies/LocalStorage) are required.

8. testing process should be documented

9. Background research into technology possibilities. (Note: Use of frameworks are
permitted providing their are properly referenced and not claimed as own work)

10. Justification of the selected technology.

11. Evidence of a clear implementation and testing process (for example, including
DOM structure, sitemap, implementation, testing plan, and evaluation

12. • A copy of all your submitted code in an appendix

13 Vido has to have code init

Supporting Documentation – 30 Marks
Your supporting documentation will be assessed on the following criteria:
• Thoroughness of background research.
• Justification of selected technology.
• Evidence of a clear implementation and testing process.
• Consideration of performance and optimisation.
2Website – 60 Marks
Your website submission will be assessed on the following criteria:
• Correctness of each solution in terms of its associated specification.
• Quality of user interaction.
• Clarity/quality of design.
• Code quality/standard.
Video Submission – 10 Marks
Your video submission will be assessed on the following criteria:
• Do all group members contribute to the video?
• Do the website features work as expected?
• Level of understanding shown of features/code.
• Professional presentation of the video.




Tasks per presentation


< < < Code Pages > > >
Michael
Car for Sale, Parts for Sale, Single Car Page, Login
Background research into technology possibilities.

Lewis
Contact, Register 

Adam
Home page, find us page, testing

Patrick
 - Single Part Page (copy single car page), footer
 - Standards complicent